Documentation Standard Updates (#53)
fivetran/dbt_intercom: README.md

# Intercom Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_intercom/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Intercom data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/intercom) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/intercom#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Intercom source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_intercom_source).

- Enables you to better understand the performance, responsiveness, and effectiveness of your team's conversations with customers via Intercom. It achieves this by:

> - Creating an enhanced conversations table to enable large-scale reporting on all current and closed conversations
> - Enriching conversation data with relevant contacts data
> - Aggregating your team's performance data across all conversations
> - Providing aggregate rating and timeliness metrics for customer conversations to enable company-level conversation performance reporting

Author: ```suggestion
  - Creating an enhanced conversations table to enable large-scale reporting on all current and closed conversations
  - Enriching conversation data with relevant contacts data
  - Aggregating your team's performance data across all conversations
  - Providing aggregate rating and timeliness metrics for customer conversations to enable company-level conversation performance reporting
```

<!--section="intercom_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                            |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                            |
```
